let's go to Larry with Floyd Mayweather
thank you Jim congratulations Floyd you
hear the crowd at least a good part of
it is in an uproar because they felt
that you took shots at him unfairly
after you went it together in the ring
made up for the headbutt and then you
poked them that's your story first off I
want to thank God for this victory the
little guy Rose would be possible I want
to thank my team
I got hit with a dirty shot and if we
take yourself at all time I had with a
left foot right here that into the boat
so you're saying that even though it
appeared that he didn't wasn't
protecting himself and thought that that
was part of the ceremony that you were
going through of apology that you
unfairly took advantage of it what do
you say to those who say what you do
there you win in the fight in charge
I just want to everybody that bought
pay-per-view that came out to Las Vegas
thank you and anyway humble boy you know
you're a promoter but now we're talking
to a zit a prizefighter let's take a
look at what happened at the end of the
fight can you describe it we touch we
judge gloves we back to fight hook
[Applause]
right here and that's all she wrote so
it for you it was just an automatic
response let's get on with the fight its
protect yourself at all time he does
something dirty
we're not here to cry and complain about
what he did dirty or what I did dirty
I was victorious if he want a rematch
him get a rematch you were in charge of
the fight you were aggressive and trying
and taking advantage of Lucas you don't
never give me a fair shake you know that
someone let you talk to Pete Ortiz all
right I'm through they put somebody else
up and give me interview what you're
talking about
you never give me a fair shake HBO need
to fire you don't know [__] about boxing
you ain't [__] you're do not [__] I wish
I was 50 years younger and I'd kick your
ass